# PerPilot
Large multi model (LMM)-based mobile agents show great
potential for assisting users in performing instruction-driven
tasks. However, these agents typically struggle with personal-
ized instructions—those containing ambiguous, user-specific
context—a challenge that has been largely overlooked in pre-
vious research. In this paper, we define personalized instruc-
tions and introduce PerInstruct, a novel human-annotated
dataset covering diverse personalized instructions across var-
ious mobile scenarios. Furthermore, given the limited per-
sonalization capabilities of existing mobile agents, we pro-
pose PerPilot, a plug-and-play framework powered by large
language models (LLMs) that enables mobile agents to au-
tonomously perceive, understand, and execute personalized
user instructions. PerPilot identifies personalized elements
and autonomously completes instructions via two comple-
mentary approaches: memory-based retrieval and reasoning-
based exploration. Experimental results demonstrate that
PerPilot effectively handles personalized tasks with mini-
mal user intervention and progressively improves its perfor-
mance with continued use, underscoring the importance of
personalization-aware reasoning for next-generation mobile
agents.
